feat(flypad-settings): Move Simbrief Import section & introduce navigraph section (#946)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/settings.md

    <span class="imagesub">Click on the menu icons in this image to see other flyPad pages.</span>
</div>

#### Navigraph Integration 

- Navigraph Account Link
    - Wizard to connect your Navigraph Account with the flypad.
- Override SimBrief User ID

>     - Allows you use a custom Simbrief User ID if do not with to connect your Navigraph account or override the existing account link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Allows users to input custom Simbrief User ID. For more information see [A32NX simBrief Integration](../simbrief/#setup-a32nx-simbrief-integration).
```
You might need to check the link here. (Most of the information is already described on the page). The main issue is that we don't have a specific header for this as it's in an admonition. Could implement this if required within the scope of this PR.

Reference page:
[fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/simbrief/#setup-a32nx-simbrief-integration]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Allows users to input a custom SimBrief User ID. For more information see [A32NX simBrief Integration](../simbrief/#setup-a32nx-simbrief-integration).
```
One additional correction based on Vals.

Reviewer: Ah thanks. Hid my review on this part. Please use Slein's

- Automatically Import SimBrief Data

>     - Imports latest SimBrief flight automatically when starting the flyPad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Imports the latest SimBrief flight automatically when powering on the flyPad.
```

    - Choose which weather data provider should be used (Aircraft only - does not change sim weather).
    - MeteoBlue is the weather service the sim uses as well.
- TAF Source:

>     - Choose which Terminal Area Forecast (TAF) service should be used.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Choose, which Terminal Area Forecast (TAF) service should be used.   
```
